h1. Vim

It is recommended that you use gVim in either Windows or Linux and MacVim for
Mac. Download from:

* (Windows) http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc (gvim72.exe)
* (Mac) http://code.google.com/p/macvim/downloads/list (snapshot-52)

A nice terminal based option for Debian based distributions is the **vim-full** package:

bc. apt-get install vim-full

h1. Usage

Troubleshoot: Because of the large amount of submodules, if you ever have any
trouble after pulling from the repository, it will be easier to just back up 
your old .vim folder and just git clone a new version.

Clone this repo into your home directory either as .vim (linux/mac) or 
vimfiles (Windows). Such as:

bc. git clone git://github.com/babinho/vimfiles.git ~/.vim

Then 'cd' into the repo and run this to get the stuff set up:

bc. ./install.sh

h2. Help Tags

At first usage of vim, type ":" while in command mode and execute:

  call pathogen#helptags()

This will make the plugins documentations available upon :help

h2. Dependencies

You will need these dependencies figured out:

* Ruby (for the fuzzy finder plugin)
* Exuberant Ctags (http://ctags.sourceforge.net/)
* Ncurses-term (in Linux only), or better vim-full on some Debian based distros

In Ubuntu, for example, you will have to do:

bc. apt-get install exuberant-ctags ncurses-term

On Windows you have to download Ctags and add ctags.exe in your PATH.

Mac OS X and most Linux distros come with Ruby already. If you're in Windows
look for Luis Lavena's latest Ruby Installer (http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubyinstaller/)

h2. Learn Vim

Visit the following sites to learn more about Vim:

* http://vimcasts.org

There are many sites teaching Vim, if you know of any other that are easy
to follow for newcomers, let me know.

h2. Credits

* Original project and most of the heavy lifting: @scrooloose
* All the cool plugins for Rails, Cucumber and more: @timpope
* Hacks and some snippets: @fabiokung
* Hacks and some snippets: @akitaonrails
